# packages in environment at /opt/anaconda3/envs/insighto:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_python_abi3_support      1.0                  hd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
annotated-types           0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
aom                       3.9.1                h7bae524_0    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py312hd8f9ff3_3    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h99b78c6_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.34.5               h5505292_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2025.8.3             hbd8a1cb_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.4               h6a3b0d2_0    conda-forge
catalogue                 2.0.10          py312h81bd7bf_2    conda-forge
certifi                   2025.8.3           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.17.1          py312h0fad829_0    conda-forge
chardet                   5.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.4.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.2.1              pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
cloudpathlib              0.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cloudpickle               3.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cmudict                   1.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
confection                0.1.5              pyhecae5ae_0    conda-forge
cpython                   3.12.11         py312hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cymem                     2.0.11          py312h6b01ec3_1    conda-forge
cyrus-sasl                2.1.28               ha1cbb27_0    conda-forge
cython-blis               1.3.0           py312he0011b7_0    conda-forge
dav1d                     1.2.1                hb547adb_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.16.2               hda038a8_0    conda-forge
double-conversion         3.3.1                h286801f_0    conda-forge
easyocr                   1.7.2                    pypi_0    pypi
ffmpeg                    8.0.0           gpl_hcf420f2_103    conda-forge
filelock                  3.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_3    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.15.0               h1383a14_1    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.13.3               hce30654_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h27ca646_0    conda-forge
fsspec                    2025.7.0           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.42.12              h7af3d76_3    conda-forge
glslang                   15.4.0               h59e7fc5_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.3.0                h7bae524_2    conda-forge
gmpy2                     2.2.1           py312h524cf62_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.14               hec049ff_2    conda-forge
h2                        4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  11.4.4               hf4e55d4_0    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.6          nompi_he65715a_103    conda-forge
hf-xet                    1.1.8            py39h6674e70_0    conda-forge
hpack                     4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
huggingface_hub           0.34.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       75.1                 hfee45f7_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.10               pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
imath                     3.2.1                hf787086_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        8.7.0              pyhe01879c_1    conda-forge
jasper                    4.2.8                hc0e5025_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h237132a_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h1a8c8d9_1003    conda-forge
langcodes                 3.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
lazy-loader               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
lazy_loader               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.17                 h7eeda09_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                hd64df32_1    conda-forge
libabseil                 20250512.1      cxx17_hd41c47c_0    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.4                h51d1e36_0    conda-forge
libasprintf               0.25.1               h493aca8_0    conda-forge
libass                    0.17.4               hcbd7ca7_0    conda-forge
libavif16                 1.3.0                hb06b76e_2    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           34_h10e41b3_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                h5505292_3    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                h5505292_3    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                h5505292_3    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           34_hb3479ef_openblas    conda-forge
libclang-cpp19.1          19.1.7          default_hf90f093_3    conda-forge
libclang13                20.1.8          default_h91d7d2a_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.14.1               h73640d1_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    20.1.8               hf598326_1    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.24                 h5773f1b_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20250104    pl5321hafb1f1b_0    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h93a5062_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.7.1                hec049ff_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.6                h1da3d7d_1    conda-forge
libfreetype               2.13.3               hce30654_1    conda-forge
libfreetype6              2.13.3               h1d14073_1    conda-forge
libgettextpo              0.25.1               h493aca8_0    conda-forge
libgfortran               15.1.0               hfdf1602_1    conda-forge
libgfortran5              15.1.0               hb74de2c_1    conda-forge
libglib                   2.84.3               h587fa63_0    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.12.1          default_h88f92a7_1000    conda-forge
libhwy                    1.3.0                hf6a9ce8_0    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.18                 h23cfdf5_2    conda-forge
libintl                   0.25.1               h493aca8_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.1.0                h5505292_0    conda-forge
libjxl                    0.11.1               h310c780_3    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           34_hc9a63f6_openblas    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.9.0           34_hbb7bcf8_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm19                 19.1.7               hc4b4ae8_1    conda-forge
libllvm20                 20.1.8               h846d351_0    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.8.1                h39f12f2_2    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.64.0               h6d7220d_0    conda-forge
libntlm                   1.8                  h5505292_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.5                h48c0fde_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.30          openmp_h60d53f8_2    conda-forge
libopencv                 4.12.0          qt6_py312h1f2130c_604    conda-forge
libopenvino               2025.2.0             h56e7ac4_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-arm-cpu-plugin 2025.2.0             h56e7ac4_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-auto-batch-plugin 2025.2.0             he81eb65_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-auto-plugin   2025.2.0             he81eb65_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-hetero-plugin 2025.2.0             h273c05f_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-ir-frontend   2025.2.0             h273c05f_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-onnx-frontend 2025.2.0             h6386500_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-paddle-frontend 2025.2.0             h6386500_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-pytorch-frontend 2025.2.0             hec049ff_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-tensorflow-frontend 2025.2.0             hee62d61_1    conda-forge
libopenvino-tensorflow-lite-frontend 2025.2.0             hec049ff_1    conda-forge
libopus                   1.5.2                h48c0fde_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.50               h280e0eb_1    conda-forge
libpq                     17.6                 h6846fd6_1    conda-forge
libprotobuf               6.31.1               h702a38d_1    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.58.4               h266df6f_3    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.50.4               h4237e3c_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.1               h1590b86_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.0                h025e3ab_6    conda-forge
libusb                    1.0.29               hbc156a2_0    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h81086ad_2    conda-forge
libvpx                    1.14.1               h7bae524_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.6.0                h07db88b_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               hdb1d25a_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.13.8               h4a9ca0c_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                h8359307_2    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               20.1.8               hbb9b287_2    conda-forge
lxml                      6.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
markdown-it-py            4.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                3.0.2           py312h998013c_1    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
mpc                       1.3.1                h8f1351a_1    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.2.1                hb693164_3    conda-forge
mpmath                    1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
murmurhash                1.0.10          py312hf02c72a_2    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h5e97a16_3    conda-forge
nltk                      3.9.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py312h8442bc7_0    conda-forge
opencv                    4.12.0          qt6_py312h5b798a3_604    conda-forge
openexr                   3.3.5                hc05139d_1    conda-forge
openh264                  2.6.0                hb5b2745_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.3                h889cd5d_1    conda-forge
openldap                  2.6.10               hbe55e7a_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.5.2                he92f556_0    conda-forge
packaging                 25.0               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pandas                    2.3.2           py312h98f7732_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.56.4               h875632e_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.45                ha881caa_0    conda-forge
pillow                    11.3.0          py312h50aef2c_0    conda-forge
pip                       25.2               pyh8b19718_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.46.4               h81086ad_1    conda-forge
preshed                   3.0.9           py312hf02c72a_2    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hd74edd7_1002    conda-forge
pugixml                   1.15                 hd3d436d_0    conda-forge
py-opencv                 4.12.0          qt6_py312he92a2c1_604    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pydantic                  2.11.7             pyh3cfb1c2_0    conda-forge
pydantic-core             2.33.2          py312hd3c0895_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.19.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pymupdf                   1.26.4                   pypi_0    pypi
pypdf2                    3.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pyphen                    0.17.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha55dd90_7    conda-forge
pytesseract               0.3.13             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
python                    3.12.11         hc22306f_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-bidi               0.6.6           py312hcd83bfe_0    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhe01879c_2    conda-forge
python-docx               1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
python-dotenv             1.1.1              pyhe01879c_0    conda-forge
python-gil                3.12.11              hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    8_cp312    conda-forge
pytz                      2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.2           py312h998013c_2    conda-forge
qt6-main                  6.9.1                h81d968c_2    conda-forge
rav1e                     0.7.1                h0716509_3    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h1d1bf99_2    conda-forge
regex                     2025.7.34       py312h163523d_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.5             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rich                      14.1.0             pyhe01879c_0    conda-forge
safetensors               0.6.2           py312h2626b2d_0    conda-forge
scikit-image              0.25.2                   pypi_0    pypi
scikit-learn              1.7.1           py312h54d6233_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.16.1          py312h286a95b_0    conda-forge
sdl2                      2.32.54              ha1acc90_0    conda-forge
sdl3                      3.2.20               he22eeb8_0    conda-forge
sentence-transformers     5.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                80.9.0             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
shaderc                   2025.3               hec049ff_0    conda-forge
shellingham               1.5.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
six                       1.17.0             pyhe01879c_1    conda-forge
smart-open                7.3.0.post1          h87fe6b5_0    conda-forge
smart_open                7.3.0.post1        pyhe01879c_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.2.2                hd121638_0    conda-forge
spacy                     3.8.7           py312h708dc23_0    conda-forge
spacy-legacy              3.0.12             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
spacy-loggers             1.0.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
spirv-tools               2025.1               ha393de7_0    conda-forge
srsly                     2.5.1           py312hd8f9ff3_1    conda-forge
streamlit                 1.49.0                   pypi_0    pypi
svt-av1                   3.1.2                h12ba402_0    conda-forge
sympy                     1.14.0           pyh2585a3b_105    conda-forge
tbb                       2022.2.0             h5b2e6d4_1    conda-forge
textblob                  0.19.0                   pypi_0    pypi
textstat                  0.7.8                    pypi_0    pypi
thinc                     8.3.6           py312h708dc23_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.6.0              pyhecae5ae_0    conda-forge
tifffile                  2025.8.28                pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.13               h892fb3f_2    conda-forge
tokenizers                0.21.4          py312hb03527c_0    conda-forge
torch                     2.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
torchaudio                2.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
torchvision               0.23.0                   pypi_0    pypi
tqdm                      4.67.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
transformers              4.55.4                   pypi_0    pypi
typer                     0.16.1             pyhc167863_0    conda-forge
typer-slim                0.16.1             pyhe01879c_0    conda-forge
typer-slim-standard       0.16.1               h810d63d_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.15.0               h396c80c_0    conda-forge
typing-inspection         0.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.15.0             pyhcf101f3_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2025b                h78e105d_0    conda-forge
ujson                     5.11.0          py312he360a15_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wasabi                    1.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
weasel                    0.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
wheel                     0.45.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.17.3          py312h163523d_0    conda-forge
x264                      1!164.3095           h57fd34a_2    conda-forge
x265                      3.5                  hbc6ce65_3    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.12               h5505292_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hd74edd7_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h925e9cb_3    conda-forge
zipp                      3.23.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.23.0          py312h163523d_3    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.7                h6491c7d_2    conda-forge
